Update README.md: rewrote intro text (#13558)
friendica/friendica: README.md

Friendica - your open and free social network
=============================================

Welcome to the free social web. Friendica is a platform for decentralised social communication linking to other independent social and corporate services.

> Being part of the Fediverse allows you to be free from data-harvesting corporations. Enjoy open social communication, independent of any specific provider.

Reviewer: Please move this after the next paragraph since it now contains a rough definition of the Fediverse.

```suggestion
Being part of the Fediverse allows you to be free from data-harvesting corporations. Enjoy open social communication, independent of any specific provider.
```

> Friendica connects you to a federated communications network of thousands of servers. Through various protocols you can interact with anyone on [Friendica]( https://friendi.ca), [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org), [Lemmmy](https://join-lemmy.org/), [Diaspora](https://diasporafoundation.org), [Misskey](https://join.misskey.page), [Peertube](https://joinpeertube.org/), [Pixelfed](https://pixelfed.org/), [Pleroma](https://pleroma.social) and many more. Receiving content from Tumblr, Wordpress and RSS is also possible. Friendica allows to integrate web based content via add-ons such as ITTT, Buffer. You can customize and control how publicly or privatly you want to share your content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Friendica connects you to a federated communications network of thousands of servers called the Fediverse. Through various protocols you can interact with anyone on [Friendica]( https://friendi.ca), [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org), [Lemmy](https://join-lemmy.org/), [Diaspora](https://diasporafoundation.org), [Misskey](https://join.misskey.page), [Peertube](https://joinpeertube.org/), [Pixelfed](https://pixelfed.org/), [Pleroma](https://pleroma.social) and many more. Receiving content from Tumblr, Wordpress and RSS is also possible. Friendica allows to import and mirror your content via add-ons such as ITTT and Buffer. You can customize and control how publicly or privately you want to share your content.
```
